Welcome to ICICI Lombard Your Trusted
Insured in Fire Insurance Sessions Whether you are
a home owner, an MSME owner or running a
large business, safeguarding your assets against
unexpected risks is crucial. That's where
ICICI Lombard's range of
fire insurance policies comes in. Let's find out why
fire insurance is essential and how
our products protect what matters
most to you. Did you know? Fire
incidents can cause
significant losses affecting not just
physical property but also business
continuity.  Fire insurance helps you
recover from damages caused by fire,
lightning, explosions and more.
Insuring Peace of Mind and Business
Security.
Our fire insurance policies cover a broad
spectrum of assets including
buildings, plant and machinery, furniture,
fixtures and fittings, stocks including
raw materials, finished goods and goods
held in trust, pipelines and their
contents.  Whether you own a commercial
establishment, an industrial unit and
an MSMA, we have got you covered.
Now let's explore some of the stand out
coverages of our fire insurance policies
Annual and short term policy options
Optional tenure based on your needs Add on
options Choose from various add ons for
enhanced protection Ensuring
transparency and ease of access ICICI
Loboard's wide range of products like Griha
Raksha, Laghu Udyam Suraksha and Micro
Suraksha for different business sizes And the
best part is that it offers affordable
premiums with simplified claim
processes for fast settlement
processes.
Business Owners We Understand Your Unique
Needs.  Introducing Business Shield and
MSME Suraksha Kawach are specialized
solutions for small and medium
enterprises.  Protection covers fire,
engineering, burglary and more.  Quick and
hassle-free policy issues Integrated with
MIRA for real-time coverage Add on to
your policy with options like Workman's
Compensation and Group Personal Accident cover
from retail stores to manufacturing
units Our policies ensure uninterrupted
business growth
At ICICI Lambard, we believe in empowering
individuals and businesses with reliable
protection Don't wait for uncertainties
Secure your assets with Fire
Insurance today Contact your ICICI Lambard
agent and visit our website www.icilambar.com
to get started.